README.md, before:

# Azure testbed

These scripts provide a simple way to setup a three machine network testbed on Azure with some common DPDK projects preloaded.

## Getting Started

All these scripts rely on the
[Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
on Linux.

These instructions will show you how to set a simple 3 machine scenario using an existing Azure account.

```
$ az login
$ ./create-testbed dpdk upgrade install-dpdk
```

This will create the following:

![alt two machine plus bastion example](/images/testbed.png)

### Environment variables

This script can be customized to use different location or other Azure values by setting these environment variables:

 - AZURE_USER name used to prefix the resources (defaults to the username).
 - AZURE_LOCATION where to put the resources (defaults to westus).
 - AZURE_SKU machine type for the network hosts (defaults to D8s_v3)
 - AZURE_SSH_KEY - the public key file to see the bastion host with (defaults to .ssh/id_rsa.pub)

## Customizing

To add more post installation steps just add them to the scripts directory.

Commit message:

create: make number of VM's configurable
Want to allow number of VM's configurable.

README.md, after:

# Azure testbed

These scripts provide a simple way to setup a three machine network testbed on Azure with some common DPDK projects preloaded.

## Getting Started

All these scripts rely on the
[Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
on Linux.

These instructions will show you how to set a simple 2 machine scenario using an existing Azure account.

```
$ az login
$ ./create-testbed dpdk upgrade install-dpdk
```

This will create the following:

![alt two machine plus bastion example](/images/testbed.png)

### Environment variables

This script can be customized to use different location or other Azure values by setting these environment variables:

 - AZURE_USER name used to prefix the resources (defaults to the username).
 - AZURE_LOCATION where to put the resources (defaults to westus).
 - AZURE_SKU machine type for the network hosts (defaults to D8s_v3)
 - AZURE_SSH_KEY - the public key file to see the bastion host with (defaults to .ssh/id_rsa.pub)
 - AZURE_TEST_COUNT - the number of VM's in the test network

## Customizing

To add more post installation steps just add them to the scripts directory.
